README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MintStudios/Signum/master/Resources/Logo.png" height="100" width="100"/>
    <h1 align = "center">Signum - the free and open-source text editor!</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">
    Made by Mint Studios with the Godot Engine, written in GDScript!
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/MintStudios/Signum/workflows/godot-ci%20export/badge.svg" alt="Signum" />
</p>
 <p align="center">  
    <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/26dBL8Rn/Annotation-2020-05-17-143228.png" alt="Signum" />
</p>

Signum is a free and open source text editor, that is made with the Godot Engine! It uses the permissive MIT license, so anyone can contribute!

## Downloads
 - [GitHub Releases (Windows, Linux & Mac)](https://github.com/MintStudios/Signum/releases)
 
 _More download links pending_
  
 ## Contributing
 Please feel free to contribute! I am always looking for ways to improve the editor. Signum uses Godot version _**3.2.1**_
 
 1. Download the Godot Engine [here](https://godotengine.org/download/)
 2. Download the contents of the repository
 3. Make your own additions! **_MAKE SURE THAT YOU USE THE GLES2 RENDERER_**
 
 ## Documentation
 Documentation is pending.
 
 ## v0.1 Features
  - Opening files
  - Saving files
  - Save as files
  - Minimap
  - Quitting
  - New files
  - Shortcuts
 
 **If this all seems to less for you, make sure to contribute!**

Commit message:

Add nightly build link to readme.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MintStudios/Signum/master/Resources/Logo.png" height="100" width="100"/>
    <h1 align = "center">Signum - the free and open-source text editor!</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">
    Made by Mint Studios with the Godot Engine, written in GDScript!
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/MintStudios/Signum/workflows/godot-ci%20export/badge.svg" alt="Signum" />
</p>
 <p align="center">  
    <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/26dBL8Rn/Annotation-2020-05-17-143228.png" alt="Signum" />
</p>

Signum is a free and open source text editor, that is made with the Godot Engine! It uses the permissive MIT license, so anyone can contribute!

## Downloads
 - [GitHub Releases (Windows, Linux & Mac)](https://github.com/MintStudios/Signum/releases)
 - [Github Nightly Builds](https://github.com/MintStudios/Signum/actions?query=is%3Asuccess)
 _More download links pending_
 
 _Nightly builds are built whenever there is a commit. To download these builds, clink on the nightly builds link_ 
 
 ![Annotation-2020-06-07-174747-200x100.png](https://i.postimg.cc/CK6ztD5R/Annotation-2020-06-07-174747-200x100.png)
 
 _and select the latest build._
 _Then, proceed to click on your operating system._
 
 ![Annotation-2020-06-07-174942-200x100.png](https://i.postimg.cc/KY4Ynzfx/Annotation-2020-06-07-174942-200x100.png)
 
 _The file will automatically start to download._
 
 ## Contributing
 Please feel free to contribute! I am always looking for ways to improve the editor. Signum uses Godot version _**3.2.1**_
 
 1. Download the Godot Engine [here](https://godotengine.org/download/)
 2. Download the contents of the repository
 3. Make your own additions! **_MAKE SURE THAT YOU USE THE GLES2 RENDERER_**
 
 ## Documentation
 Documentation is pending.
 
 ## v0.1 Features
  - Opening files
  - Saving files
  - Save as files
  - Minimap
  - Quitting
  - New files
  - Shortcuts
 
 **If this all seems to less for you, make sure to contribute!**
